README.md, before:

# IMPORTANT! THIS THEME IS NOT ACTIVELY MAINTAINED ANYMORE BECAUSE IM NOT INTERESTED ON DISCORD THEMING ANYMORE, FORK AND PRs ARE STILL APPRECIATED AND WELCOMED!
<h1 align="center">Tokyo Night</h1>

![](https://github.com/Dyzean/Tokyo-Night/blob/main/assets/preview.png?raw=true)

<p align="center">A clean, dark, Discord theme based on <a href="https://github.com/enkia/tokyo-night-vscode-theme">Tokyo Night</a> colorscheme.</p>

---

## Installation

### BetterDiscord

1. Download the theme file [here](https://betterdiscord.app/Download?id=439)
2. Place it in the BetterDiscord themes folder
3. Enable Tokyo Night in the themes tab

### Replugged
```sh
cd replugged/themes && git clone https://github.com/Dyzean/Tokyo-Night
```
or [Click This Link](https://replugged.dev/install?url=https://github.com/Dyzean/Tokyo-Night)

### Vencord

1. Go to user settings (CTRL + ,)
2. Go to the "Vencord" category and select the "Themes" tab.
3. In the input field under "THEMES" paste the following URL.
```
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dyzean/Tokyo-Night/main/tokyo-night.theme.css
```

### Stylus

> ***Important Note!***
>
> ***To be able to customize this theme, please fork using [this link](https://github.com/Dyzean/Tokyo-Night/fork) and follow the instructions in `tokyo-night.user.css` starting at line 12.***

1. Install the broswer extensions for your repsective browser.
    - [Chrome Webstore](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylus/clngdbkpkpeebahjckkjfobafhncgmne)
    - [Firefox Addons](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/styl-us)
2. Once installed, open [this link](https://github.com/Dyzean/Tokyo-Night/blob/main/tokyo-night.user.css) in a new browser tab. This opens the page where you will install this userstyle.
3. Press the `Install Style` button.

## Credits

- [LuckFire](https://github.com/LuckFire) for [Better Quotes](https://github.com/LuckFire/CSS-Snippets/tree/master/BetterQuotes)
- [NYRI4](https://github.com/NYRI4) for [Discolored](https://github.com/NYRI4/Discolored)
- [GooseNest](https://github.com/Goose-Nest) for [Revert Rebrand](https://github.com/Goose-Nest/GT-RevertRebrand)
- Also Huge thanks for BD & Powercord servers for snippets and help!

Commit message:

refactor: rearrange folder structure & drop PC support
* Organize repo

* Bump version # & fix broken links

* Update README.md

Rewrite README.md for installation instruction to be consistent, remove Replugged install, differentiate Vencord Online vs Local theme methods.

README.md, after:

# IMPORTANT! THIS THEME IS NOT ACTIVELY MAINTAINED ANYMORE BECAUSE IM NOT INTERESTED ON DISCORD THEMING ANYMORE, FORK AND PRs ARE STILL APPRECIATED AND WELCOMED!
<h1 align="center">Tokyo Night</h1>

![](https://github.com/Dyzean/Tokyo-Night/blob/main/assets/preview.png?raw=true)

<p align="center">A clean, dark, Discord port of the V.S. Code <a href="https://github.com/enkia/tokyo-night-vscode-theme">Tokyo Night</a> theme.</p>

---

## Installation

### [BetterDiscord](https://betterdiscord.app)

1. Download the theme file [here](https://betterdiscord.app/Download?id=439)
2. Place it in the BetterDiscord themes folder
3. Go to user settings (CTRL + ,)
4. Go to the "BetterDiscord" category and select the "Themes" tab.
5. Enable Tokyo Night in the themes tab

### [Vencord](https://vencord.dev)

##### Online Theme Method

1. Go to user settings (CTRL + ,)
2. Go to the "Vencord" category and select the "Themes" tab, then go to the "Online Themes" section.
3. In the input field under "THEMES" paste the following URL.
```
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dyzean/Tokyo-Night/main/themes/tokyo-night.theme.css
```

##### Local Theme Method

1. Go [here](https://github.com/Dyzean/Tokyo-Night/blob/main/themes/tokyo-night.theme.css) and download the theme file.
2. Place it in the Vencord themes folder
3. Go to user settings (CTRL + ,)
4. Go to the "Vencord" category and select the "Themes" tab, then go to the "Local Themes" section.
5. Enable Tokyo Night in the themes tab

### Stylus | Extension: [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylus/clngdbkpkpeebahjckkjfobafhncgmne)/[Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/styl-us)

> ***Important Note!***
>
> ***To be able to customize this theme, please fork using [this link](https://github.com/Dyzean/Tokyo-Night/fork) and follow the instructions in `tokyo-night.user.css` starting at line 12.***

1. Open [this link](https://github.com/Dyzean/Tokyo-Night/blob/main/themes/tokyo-night.user.css) in a new browser tab.
2. Press the `Install Style` button.

## Credits

- [LuckFire](https://github.com/LuckFire) for [Better Quotes](https://github.com/LuckFire/CSS-Snippets/tree/master/BetterQuotes)
- [NYRI4](https://github.com/NYRI4) for [Discolored](https://github.com/NYRI4/Discolored)
- [GooseNest](https://github.com/Goose-Nest) for [Revert Rebrand](https://github.com/Goose-Nest/GT-RevertRebrand)
- Also Huge thanks for BD & Powercord servers for snippets and help!
